Zhang Ning
I haven't eaten anything fragrant recently.
The cook in your house is good
I'll change the taste
The son-in-law has been prepared for the father
Bold Zhang Ning
Father came to your house for dinner
You only fried two dishes?
Aren't you still persuading your father?
And the emperor never eats salty food
Both dishes are salty
What's your heart, Zhang Ning?
You have disappointed me so much.
Father calm down
Children are enough
The cook in the house was injured
Failure to cook
The cook is not here
Who cooked that?
It's Wang Xun
Emperor Wang Xun must have done it on purpose
Ask the emperor to issue an order
Kill Wang Xun immediately
Yes, the power of heaven cannot be violated
Don't kill, don't show your monarchy
Bring Wang Xun up
Don't shout
I have come
Wang Xun
Your time has come to die
Your Majesty, you haven't eaten this meal yet
Why do you decide that the food is not delicious?